add classic-ui: forms, fields, schemas, content types (#1461)
plone/documentation: docs/classic-ui/forms.md

```{todo}
Describe how create forms with Plone's default form framework z3c.form.
Fields, Widgets, Vocabularies aso are descripted in detail in there own chapter and will be referenced frome examples here.
```

> Plone uses the [z3c.form](http://pythonhosted.org/z3c.form) library to build its forms, via the [plone.z3cform](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/plone.z3cform) integration package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Plone uses the [z3c.form](http://pythonhosted.org/z3c.form) library to build its web-forms. 
The package responsible for integrating with Plone is [plone.z3cform](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/plone.z3cform).
```

> For an easy way to structure a form and define its widgets and fields, Plone relies on [plone.autoform](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/plone.autoform), in particular its AutoExtensibleForm base class.
> Which is responsible for processing form hints and setting up [z3c.form](http://pythonhosted.org/z3c.form) widgets and groups (fieldsets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the process of organizing a form and specifying its widgets and fields, Plone utilizes [plone.autoform](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/plone.autoform), in particular its `AutoExtensibleForm` base class.
It is responsible for handling form hints and configuring  z3c.form widgets and groups (fieldsets).
```
IMO easier to read this way, also z3c.form was already linked in the introductory sentence.

Do we have form-hints aka directives documented already somewhere? If yes, we need a reference, if not we need a todo/an issue.

> A form, therefore, is simply a view that uses these libraries, although [plone.autoform](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/plone.autoform) provides some helpful base classes that make it easier to construct forms based on the form schema or {ref}`Dexterity behaviors <backend-behaviors-label>`.

Reviewer: Simplify a bit. Also, we may want to set a reference to the view chapter at `view`.
Idea:
```suggestion
A form is a view that utilizes these libraries. 
plone.autoform offers useful base classes for views that simplify the process of creating forms based on either the form schema or {ref}`Dexterity behaviors <backend-behaviors-label>`.
```

(classic-ui-forms-general-forms-label)=
## General forms

> The plonecli provides you with an option to add a form to your Plone package.

Reviewer: `plonecli` needs a reference or explanation.

```shell

> cd collective.awesomeaddon

Reviewer: w/o reading other parts of the documentation nobody has any idea where this comes from.

plonecli add form
```

> After using the `plonecli` to add a form, we should have a new sub folder `forms` in our package.

Reviewer: I would drop `should`. Sound like the process is error-prone this way.
```suggestion
After using the `plonecli` to add a form, there is a new sub folder `forms` in your package.
```

> Here we will find a `configure.zcml` containing the registration of the form,

Reviewer: You  mix we, you, ... no idea whats best practice, but I would unify this.

> ```xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```xml
<!-- ZCML header and other ZCML here  -->
```

<browser:page
  name="my-form"
  for="*"
  class=".my_form.MyForm"
  permission="cmf.ManagePortal"
  layer="p6.theme5.interfaces.IP6Theme5Layer"

>   />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- further ZCML and ZCML footer here  -->
  />
```

```

and a Python file with the code.

```python
from plone import schema
from plone.autoform.form import AutoExtensibleForm
from z3c.form import button, form
from zope.interface import Interface

class IMyForm(Interface):
    """ Schema Interface for IMyForm
        Define your form fields here.
    """
    name = schema.TextLine(

>         title=u"Your name",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        title="Your name",
```

    )

class MyForm(AutoExtensibleForm, form.EditForm):
    schema = IMyForm
    ignoreContext = True

>     label = u"What's your name?"
>     description = u"Simple, sample form"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label = "What's your name?"
    description = "Simple, sample form"
```

>     @button.buttonAndHandler(u'Ok')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @button.buttonAndHandler("Ok")
```

    def handleApply(self, action):
        data, errors = self.extractData()
        if errors:
            self.status = self.formErrorsMessage
            return

        # Do something with valid data here

        changes = self.applyChanges(data)
        # Set status on this form page
        # (this status message is not bind to the session and does not go thru redirects)
        if changes:
            self.status = "Settings saved"

>     @button.buttonAndHandler(u"Cancel")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @button.buttonAndHandler("Cancel")
```

    def handleCancel(self, action):
        """User canceled. Redirect back to the front page.
        """

```

(classic-ui-forms-dexterity-add-edit-forms-label)=
## Dexterity Add- and Edit forms

Dexterity content types are coming with default add and edit forms.

> You can build custom add and edit forms if you need.

Reviewer: this looks like a todo for the docs.
